hi I'm can feel it is the video you are about to see hair result of 15
years of research
so my laser sailing colleagues developed the first helmet in the world
against rotational shock reviews devaluation very important in the case
of a brain injury because any amount the head causes
its rotation and this causes irreversible damage to the blood vessels to the
neurons in the brain
so far no helmet has been designed to counteract the effects of force
of twist but superski nose
it is covered on the outside of the shell by a lubricating membrane
helmet slips at the moment of impact when it reduces the rotation are made
tests on helmets letting them fall from a few meters on a tilted anvil
Oh God, the best way to simulate an impact on the head in an accident
and the rotation that follows
youtube video you will see the comparison between a conventional lazer helmet without
membrane and the same lazer helmet with the superski membrane thanks to which the
greatly reduced rotation
who is this image you see the base of the helmet that falls of Latin with one
artificial head inside news
then you think about it and on the place of the base of the helmet with the artificial head is going to
be left on the ass in fact, the green cross on the base of the helmet and the
neck allows to clearly examine the rotation of the axes
it is with conventional helmet without adherent membrane when pouring pour
useful links look at the rotation even after bouncing on the anvil allo
the same way the head bounces after the impact against his
no iveco now a superskin tube helmet look like rotation strongly
reduced
all the files even more noticeable difference when comparing helmets
blue next to each other
must be even more obvious with lines on the image
the effects on the brain are represented on these diagrams
observe the homology and discomfort to the neurons struck on the left image
phenomenon of me existed on the image on the right
cnrs english professor at strasbourg university analyzed
so text and certify the super skinny lazer helmets reduce the rotation of the
60% cough also increases the protection your head of our brain of
almost 70% respect the mention of the first shock helmet in the world
rotational
there is a reason for not another postponed
ace